# .qrp File Extension
Developer: QBS Software
File Type: QuickReport File
You are here because you have a file that has a file extension that ends in .qrp. Files with the .qrp file extension can only be launched by certain applications. It is possible that the .qrp files are data files rather than documents or media, which means they are not intended to be seen at all.
# What is a .qrp file?
The QuickReport file is stored in the QRP format and is affixed with the QRP extension, and is used by the QuickReport program. These QRP files are generally classified as data files that contain report components such as graphics, text, tables, and layout information. They are generated using the QuickReport API utility and converted to other file types in QuickReport, including HTML, JPG, PDF, XML, XL, WMF, ASCII, and CSV. The PDF and HTML export filters do not create temporary files due to the TQRPrinterSettings memory limit function. The QuickReport program generates the report in Delphi code with Delphi and C++Builder integration. There are two versions of the software, the Standard and Pro editions. The Embarcadero Delphi, C++ Embarcadero Builder, Zyl Macio RepView, Dr. Regener QuickReport-Viewer, Responsive QRP Viewer Software and 3Engine QuickReport Viewer software can be used on Microsoft Windows based systems to access and open the data stored in these QRP files.
how to open a .qrp file?
Launch a .qrp file, or any other file on your PC, by double-clicking it. If your file associations are configured correctly, the application that is intended to open your .qrp file will open it. It is possible that you may need to download or purchase the correct application. It's also possible that you have the correct application on your PC, but .qrp files are not yet associated with it. In this case, when you try to open a .qrp file, you can tell Windows which application is the correct one for that file. From then on, opening a .qrp file will open the correct application.
Click here to fix .qrp file association errors
Applications that open a .qrp file
3Engine QuickReport Viewer for Microsoft Windows
a word of warning
Be careful not to rename the extension on .qrp files, or any other files. This will not change the file type. Only special conversion software can change a file from one file type to another.
What is a file extension?
A file extension is the set of three or four characters at the end of a file name, in this case .qrp. File extensions tell you what type of file it is, and tell Windows which programs can open it. Windows often associates a default program with each file extension, so that when you double-click the file, the program starts automatically. When that program is no longer on your PC, you may sometimes get an error when you try to open the associated file.